thekmj

medium

# Unsafe ERC20 transfer: tokens that don't revert on failed transfers may disable claims

## Summary

In the contract `FootiumPrizeDistributor`, unsafe ERC20 transfer is used. If the token is non-reverting on failed transfers, calling `claimERC20Prize` will cause the transfer to silently fail, but the contract still accounts the user to have claimed.

It is worth noting that there are **two** instances of the issue, however only one of which is of relevant impact.

## Vulnerability Detail

There are certain ERC20 tokens that [do not revert on failed transfers](https://github.com/d-xo/weird-erc20#no-revert-on-failure). An example of a failed transfer that silently succeeds is when the contract has no balance (or simply not enough balance). 

In the contract `FootiumPrizeDistributor`, the function `claimERC20Prize()` allows any (whitelisted) user to claim their prize provided a valid proof. However, should the prize token has the mentioned property, the following transfer call

```solidity
totalERC20Claimed[_token][_to] += value;
_token.transfer(_to, value);
```

will silently succeed without transferring anything, however the contract still counts as if the user has actually claimed their tokens. 

## Impact

The user will lose their ability to claim the token, as the contract will think they claimed, but actually have not received the rightful amount.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L130

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use OpenZeppelin's `safeTransfer` library.

Additionally, it is also good practice to consistently use `safeTransfer` that guarantees a revert upon failed transfers. Below is another applicable instance of applying such, however it has not the impact as the mentioned issue.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L80
