berlin-101

medium

# Only a limited support to a specific subset of ERC20 tokens despite stating any ERC20 token is supported

## Summary

The Footium project states the following in the contest: "Which ERC20 tokens do you expect will interact with the smart contracts? Any".

But supporting a wide range or ERC20 tokens requires to handle the different ways of signalling success and failure for these tokens. It affects mostly the transfer(), transferFrom() and approve() functions in ERC20 tokens.

Currently the only supported ERC20 tokens in the Footium project are the ones that conform to the EIP20 specification (https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-20.md) and have the following behavior
- Revert on failure
- Return true on success

This creates incompatibilities and risks interacting with ERC20 tokens that are non-conforming to this assumption.

## Vulnerability Detail

The interfaces used in the code are the ones provided by OpenZeppelin which conform to that EIP20 specification:
- IERC20Upgradeable.sol (used in FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol, FootiumToken.sol)
- IERC20.sol (used in FootiumEscrows.sol)

The following calls are used:

### Calls of ERC20 transfer():
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/317770a4cb2e23734a88a4fc8c272c018e1c1a85/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L130

```Solidity
if (value > 0) {
    totalERC20Claimed[_token][_to] += value;
    _token.transfer(_to, value); // expecting to revert in case of failure
}
```

- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/317770a4cb2e23734a88a4fc8c272c018e1c1a85/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L110

```Solidity
function transferERC20(
    IERC20 erc20Contract,
    address to,
    uint256 amount
) external onlyClubOwner {
    erc20Contract.transfer(to, amount); // expecting to revert in case of failure
}
```

### Calls of ERC20 approve():
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/317770a4cb2e23734a88a4fc8c272c018e1c1a85/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L80

```Solidity
function setApprovalForERC20(
    IERC20 erc20Contract,
    address to,
    uint256 amount
) external onlyClubOwner {
    erc20Contract.approve(to, amount); // expecting to revert in case of failure
}
```

**But there is other ERC20 tokens non-compliant to the EIP20 specification, by not reverting in case of failure but returning a boolean with false. One example is [ZRX](https://etherscan.io/address/0xe41d2489571d322189246dafa5ebde1f4699f498#code)**.

There is even more non-EIP20 compliant behavior which should be taken into account when dealing with an unrestricted pallette of ERC20 tokens. See the following resources for reference:

- https://github.com/d-xo/weird-erc20
- https://github.com/sec-bit/awesome-buggy-erc20-tokens/blob/master/ERC20_token_issue_list.md#b1-transfer-no-return

## Impact

Some ERC20 tokens the Footium project may interact with will behave not as expected. Cases of error will currently be unnoticed where tokens do not revert but return false. This in the best case leads to unexpected behavior but depending on the usage in the project may lead to lost or stuck funds for users and the Footium project.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

For coping with the different behavior of ERC20 tokens regrading expressing success or failure consider the `SafeERC20` Wrapper by OpenZeppelin: https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/2.x/api/token/erc20#SafeERC20. 

Excerpt from the SafeERC20 code:

`Wrappers around ERC20 operations that throw on failure (when the token contract returns false). Tokens that return no value (and instead revert or throw on failure) are also supported, non-reverting calls are assumed to be successful. To use this library you can add a using SafeERC20 for ERC20; statement to your contract, which allows you to call the safe operations as token.safeTransfer(…)`

It can be simply introduced to the Footium Smart contracts following statement...

```Solidity
using SafeERC20 for IERC20;
```

...and using the contained safe replacement functions:
- approve -> safeApprove: https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC20/utils/SafeERC20.sol#L26
- transfer -> safeTransfer: https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC20/utils/SafeERC20.sol#L26
- transferFrom -> safeTransferFrom: https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC20/utils/SafeERC20.sol#L34


