tallo

high

# Prize winners who win multiple times will miss out on successive ERC20 and ETH earnings

## Summary
Individuals who win multiple times will be unable to withdraw their additional winnings from claimERC20Prize and claimETHPrize due to incorrect usage of ```totalERC20Claimed``` and ```totalETHClaimed```
## Vulnerability Detail
1. User Alice wins 10 USDC and is given the appropriate merkle proof off chain
2. Alice calls claimERC20Prize and is correctly sent 10 USDC. totalERC20Claimed[_token][_to] will be set to 10 USDC for alice.
3. Alice wins another prize of 10 USDC and calls claimERC20Prize. The value to send Alice is calculated as:
```value = _amount - totalERC20Claimed[_token][_to]```
```value = 10 - 10 = 0 ```
4.  The expected earnings here to be sent to Alice should be 10 USDC instead of zero. So Alice won't receive any of her new winnings.

## Impact
Prize winners who win multiple times will miss out on their winnings the second time they claim.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L126
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L163
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of using totalERC20Claimed and totalETHClaimed, consider using a user specific nonce inside the merkle proof to prevent users from replaying signatures and double claiming prizes. Ensure this nonce is incremented each time the user claims a prize.

## A word on the severity
I'm leaning towards this being a High severity issue since every single winner will experience losses on subsequent wins and not be able to claim their full entitled amount.