kiki_dev

high

# Eventual underflow when claiming prize

## Summary
This contract is vulnerable to eventual underflow when a user claims ETH multiple prizes  . As a result, users may eventually be unable to claim prizes due to how the value is calculated.


## Vulnerability Detail
The `claimETHPrize()` function contains an eventual underflow vulnerability. When a user claims a prize, the value of the prize is subtracted from the `totalETHClaimed` for that user. However, this subtraction can eventually cause an underflow and result in a negative value for the value variable. This can lead to the situation where users won't be able to claim prizes in the future.

The vulnerability is caused by the fact that the function does account for previous claims when calculating the current claim. This means that if a user claims 1 `ETH` in one prize and then claims 0.5 `ETH` in the next, the value variable will be set to -0.5 `ETH`, resulting in an underflow.
## Impact
The vulnerability impacts all users who attempt to claim `ETH` prizes from the contract. As a result of the underflow, users may eventually be unable to claim prizes. Although this is not a direct attack, it can result in a denial of service (DoS) for users who are unable to claim their prizes.

```solidity
// first prize
uint256 value = _amount - totalETHClaimed[_to]; 
uint256 value = 1 eth - 0; 
uint256 value = 1 eth; 


// second prize
uint256 value = _amount - totalETHClaimed[_to]; 
uint256 value = 0.5 eth - 1 eth
uint256 value = - 0.5 eth // Revert due to underflow 

```


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L126
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L163
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To fix this vulnerability, the contract should be updated to track previous claims and ensure that the current claim does not result in an underflow. One possible fix would be to separate different prize claim instances so that previous claim amounts do not play a role in current prize claims. This would ensure that the value variable is calculated correctly and prevent eventual underflows.
