ch13fd357r0y3r

high

# ch13fd357r0y3r - User cannot claim Prizes on their second claim in many instances.

ch13fd357r0y3r

High

## Summary
The `claimERC20Prize()` and `claimETHPrize()` will revert in many instances if the claimer claims for second time and causes **User cannot claim prize forever** and Some in Instance user get will 0 amount or less amount of tokens or ETH than original prize value announced.

## Vulnerability Detail
User cannot or can claim lower amount prize in following instance:

1. **Instance 1**: **User A already claims 1000 worth of Usdc token and recorded as totalERC20Claimed[USDC][A] as 1000. User A won other game and this time he wons 500 worth of Usdc. But this If he tries to claim via claimERC20Prize() it will revert because of Overflow **

```solidity       
uint256 value = _amount - totalERC20Claimed[_token][_to];

        if (value > 0) {
            totalERC20Claimed[_token][_to] += value;
            _token.transfer(_to, value);
        }
```
**The call will be reverted because of Overflow as value is declared as 500 - 1000.**

2. **Instance 2**: Call will be Successful But user will get 0 amount of token if User A wons 1000 amount of token  in 1st game and 
and same amount of prize is won on 2nd game he will receive 0 amount by `value = 1000 - 1000 = 0` instead of 1000 tokens or ETH

3. **Instance 3**:  Call will be Successful If user wons more than the 1st game. Example user A wons 1000 in 1st game and 2000 in 2nd  game it follows as `value = 2000 - 1000 = 1000` only 1000 amount of tokens can be claimed instead of 2000 token or ETH.

**The above Instance also suits to `claimETHPrize()` function as it also follows:**
```solidity
       uint256 value = _amount - totalETHClaimed[_to];

        if (value > 0) {
            totalETHClaimed[_to] += value;

            (bool sent, ) = _to.call{value: value}("");
            if (!sent) {
                revert FailedToSendETH(value);
            }
        }
```

## Impact
User Claim Prize Nothing or lesser than the Original Prize amount that has been announced If Second time Claim for the user.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L106

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L126

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L144

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumPrizeDistributor.sol#L163

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add `bytes32 _proof` for mappings such as `totalERC20Claimed` and `totalETHClaimed`. The proof differs each time and it may protect against this bug. 

