0xAsen

high

# Club buyers on secondary marketplace could get scammed

## Summary
A seller of a club NFT could scam buyers on NFT marketplaces. 

The buyer will expect to get the club NFT + all players in the escrow contract but instead, he could receive just the club NFT and an empty escrow. 
## Vulnerability Detail
After talking with the sponsor, he confirmed that the value of a club is based mainly on its division, its history, and its players which are held in the escrow contract that is managed by the ClubOwner. 

Let's consider the following scenario: 

1. I own a club with a lot of very valuable players and I list it on a secondary marketplace
2. A buyer comes in and submits a transaction to buy my club expecting to get all the very valuable players that belong to that club
3. However, I am monitoring the mem pool so when I see this transaction, I front-run it with my own which transfers all the players out of the escrow contract
4. Buyer receives an expensive club NFT but all the players are not there already

Buyer is left with an empty club although one of the main reasons he decided to buy it was because of the club's players. 

Also, the attacker could continue doing this, luring buyers into buying new clubs based on the valuable players they have. Eventually leading to either a lot of people getting scammed and/or this becomes well-known and nobody will want to buy clubs on the secondary marketplaces. At least not for their players.
## Impact
Buyers on secondary marketplaces will get scammed expecting that they'll receive the valuable players of the club but receive an empty club instead which in turn will damage severely the protocol's reputation.  
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/11736f3f7f7efa88cb99ee98b04b85a46621347c/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L15
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
I thought about a couple of solutions for this issue. The most simple that should mitigate it is: 

- Implement a locked/unlocked functionality for the Escrow contract which makes it not possible to transfer assets while it is locked.
- The club NFT contract should be transferrable ONLY if the escrow contract is locked. 
- Add a short timelock(a minute will be sufficient for 99% of the cases) for locking/unlocking preventing the seller from quickly locking/unlocking again.

That way, the seller will be required to lock the Escrow and such an attack won't be possible. When the buyer receives his club NFT, he simply unlocks the escrow and can use his assets. 

You could implement that functionality by rewriting the ERC721 transfer functions making them set the escrow contract to locked before transferring the club NFT. 
Or you could rewrite the ERC721 `_beforeTokenTransfer` hook which could set the escrow contract to locked.  