Dug

medium

# By only supporting `setApprovalForAll`, escrow NFTs are exposed to unnecessary risk

## Summary
The `FootiumEscrow` contract only supports the `setApprovalForAll` function. This means that escrow NFTs are exposed to unnecessary risk because entire collections become available for transfer instead of individual NFTs. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The ERC-721 standard defines two functions for managing approvals: `approve` and `setApprovalForAll`. `approve` allows for an individual NFT to be approved for transfer. `setApprovalForAll` allows for an entire collection of NFTs to be approved for transfer.

Generally, `approve` is used to limit exposure to risk. For example, if a user wants to sell an NFT on a secondary market, they would only approve that NFT for transfer. This means that if the secondary market is compromised, only that NFT is at risk.

The `FootiumEscrow` contract only supports `setApprovalForAll`. This means that the only option for owners is to approve the entire collection for transfer. This is a problem because it exposes all NFT in that collection to unnecessary risk.

## Impact
Escrow NFTs are exposed to unnecessary risk. An owner can loose entire collections of NFTs if they interact with a malicious contract or if a secondary market is compromised.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L90-L96

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Include wrappers for the standard ERC-721 `approve` function, enabling individual NFTs to be approved for transfer.