kiki_dev

medium

# Missing refund mechanism when minting players

## Summary
The `mintPlayers()` function in the smart contract allows users to purchase players for their club. The vulnerability in this function allows users to overestimate the fee and lose extra funds if greater than the fee.


## Vulnerability Detail
In the `mintPlayers()` function, there is no mechanism in place to handle excess ether sent by the user. The user is able to pass through any value for `msg.value`, and the fee is calculated in the `_validateMintingParams()` function. If `msg.value` is greater than this fee, then the fee amount will be sent as normal but the excess ether will be held in the contract with no way for that user to get those funds back. This can be a cause of user overestimating the fee or the fee rate changing around the same time this transaction is taking place. The impact is that users will lose funds that should be refunded to them.

Alice mints a player and the fee is 0.8eth 
Alice anticipated the being 1 eth so she sends taht amount
0.8 eth is transferred as this is the new fee
The excess 0.2 eth is left in the contract. 


## Impact
This vulnerability impacts the users who use the `mintPlayers()` function to purchase players for their club. If a user overestimates the fee, the excess ether they send to the contract will be held there with no mechanism in place to refund it. The impact can be a loss of funds for the user.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumAcademy.sol#L208
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To fix this issue, a refund mechanism should be implemented that sends excess ether back to the user. The function can check if `msg.value` is greater than the fee, and if so, send the excess ether back to the user.


