berlin-101

medium

# Free feature activation for users if paymentReceiverAddress is a non-existing smart contract because ETH transfer via low level call will not fail

## Summary

If `paymentReceiverAddress` in `FootiumGeneralPaymentContract.sol` is a non-existing smart contract the user can activate features for free and the project looses the ETH that otherwise would be required to pay for respective features.

The Solidity documentation states the following (https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.19/control-structures.html): "The low-level functions **call, delegatecall and staticcall return true as their first return value if the account called is non-existent**, as part of the design of the EVM. Account existence must be checked prior to calling if needed.

## Vulnerability Detail

In https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumGeneralPaymentContract.sol#L98 a low level call is made to  the `paymentReceiverAddress` to transfer the user supplied ETH to pay for a feature.

However if `paymentReceiverAddress` is a non-existing smart contract (due to misconfiguration / missing checks for contract existence) the call will return true and not false which makes the check for successful ETH transfer pass in https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumGeneralPaymentContract.sol#L99.

In the next step the `PaymentMade` event (documenting the successful payment) is emitted in https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumGeneralPaymentContract.sol#L103 and tracked by the Footium backend.

## Impact

The issue will lead to free feature activation for the user.

It will remain unnoticed if there is no off-chain check validating emitted `PaymentMade` events against the balance of the assumed correct paymentReceiverAddress.

It will also make on-chain and off-chain accounting differ since off-chain accounting is based on emitted `PaymentMade` events and on-chain accouting by looking at the balance of `paymentReceiverAddress`.

The accounting discrepancy will remain inconsistent even if `paymentReceiverAddress` is later set to a valid address via use of the `setPaymentReceiverAddress` function.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a check for contract existence in both the `initialize` function and the `setPaymentReceiverAddress` function or only in the `setPaymentReceiverAddress` function and use that function from the `initialize` function.

For implementing the check the `isContract` function of `OpenZeppelin Address.sol` (https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/utils/Address.sol#L40) can be used.

```solidity
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/utils/Address.sol";
[...]
require(paymentReceiverAddress.isContract(), "paymentReceiverAddress is not a contract");
```

Please be aware of the limitations of checking for contract existence here: https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/utils/Address.sol#L15