Diana

medium

# Did not Approve to zero first

## Summary
Some ERC20 tokens like USDT require resetting the approval to 0 first before being able to reset it to another value.
The setApprovalForERC20() function of FootiumEscrow.sol uses `erc20Contract.approve`, and hence impacted in case of some ERC20 tokens like USDT.

## Vulnerability Detail
As per the documentation:
>  Any ERC20 token is expected to interact with the smart contracts

However, some ERC20 tokens like USDT require resetting the approval to 0 first before being able to reset it to another value.
The erc20Contract.approve does not do this - unlike OpenZeppelin's safeApprove implementation. 

For instance, Tether (USDT)‘s `approve()` function will revert if the current approval is not zero, to protect against front-running changes of approvals. The code as currently implemented does not handle these sorts of tokens properly, which would prevent USDT, the sixth largest pool, from being used by this project.

## Impact
Unsafe ERC20 approve that do not handle non-standard erc20 behavior.
1. Some token contracts do not return any value.
2. Some token contracts revert the transaction when the allowance is not zero.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L80

```solidity
erc20Contract.approve(to, amount);
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to set the allowance to zero before increasing the allowance and use safeApprove/safeIncreaseAllowance.