ast3ros

medium

# setApprovalForERC20 function of FootiumEscrow contract is subject to front-run attack

## Summary

`setApprovalForERC20` and `transferFrom` functions of ERC20 tokens in `FootiumEscrow` contract is subject to front-run attack because the `setApprovalForERC20` method overwrites the current allowance regardless of whether the spender already used it or not. In case the spender spent the amount, the `approve` function will approve a new amount.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `setApprovalForERC20` method overwrites the current allowance regardless of whether the spender already used it or not. It allows the spender to front-run and spend the amount before the new allowance is set.

```javascript
    function setApprovalForERC20(
        IERC20 erc20Contract,
        address to,
        uint256 amount
    ) external onlyClubOwner {
        erc20Contract.approve(to, amount);
    }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L75-L81

Scenario:

- FootiumEscrow allows Bob to transfer N of ERC20's tokens (N>0)  by calling the `FootiumEscrow.setApprovalForERC20` method, passing the Bob's address and N as the method arguments
- After some time, FootiumEscrow decides to change from N to M (M>0) the number of ERC20's tokens Bob is allowed to transfer, so the owner calls the `FootiumEscrow.setApprovalForERC20` method again, this time passing the Bob's address and M as the method arguments
- Bob notices the FootiumEscrow's second transaction before it was mined and quickly sends another transaction that calls the `token.transferFrom` method to transfer N FootiumEscrow's tokens somewhere
- If the Bob's transaction will be executed before the FootiumEscrow's transaction, then Bob will successfully transfer N FootiumEscrow's tokens and will gain an ability to transfer another M tokens
Before owner of FootiumEscrow noticed that something went wrong, Bob calls the `token.transferFrom` method again, this time to transfer M FootiumEscrow's tokens.
- So, an FootiumEscrow's attempt to change the Bob's allowance from N to M (N>0 and M>0) made it possible for Bob to transfer N+M of FootiumEscrow's tokens, while FootiumEscrow never wanted to allow so many of her tokens to be transferred by Bob.

## Impact

It can result in losing pool tokens in FootiumEscrow when owner of FootiumEscrow approve ERC20 tokens to any malicious account.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L75-L81

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use `increaseAllowance` and `decreaseAllowance` instead of approve as OpenZeppelin ERC20 implementation. Please see details here:

https://forum.openzeppelin.com/t/explain-the-practical-use-of-increaseallowance-and-decreaseallowance-functions-on-erc20/15103/4