santipu_

medium

# Approve race condition in FootiumEscrow

## Summary
The `setApprovalForERC20` function in the `FootiumEscrow` contract is susceptible to frontrunning attacks, potentially causing the contract to lose tokens to malicious addresses.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `setApprovalForERC20` function within the `FootiumEscrow` contract allows a club owner to set an approval for ERC20 tokens using the approve function. This function is vulnerable to frontrunning attacks, as a malicious approved address can exploit the situation to double spend the approved tokens.

Imagine the following scenario:
1. Bob uses `FootiumEscrow` to approve 100 `USDC` tokens for Alice via the `setApprovalForERC20` function.
2. Later, Bob changes his mind and reduces the approval to 50 `USDC` tokens, again using the `setApprovalForERC20` function.
3. Alice notices Bob's second transaction in the mempool and proceeds to spend the original 100 `USDC` tokens before Bob's transaction is processed, and then spends another 50 `USDC` tokens after Bob's transaction is complete.
4. As a result, Alice has spent 150 `USDC` tokens, which is more than she was supposed to spend.

## Impact
The frontrunning vulnerability in the `setApprovalForERC20` function can lead to unauthorized token spending, resulting in financial losses for the contract's club owner. This breach of trust could potentially damage the reputation of the platform and discourage users from participating in the ecosystem.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L68-L81
```solidity
/**
 * @notice Sets approval for ERC20 tokens.
 * @param erc20Contract ERC20 contract address.
 * @param to The address of token spender.
 * @param amount Token amount to spend.
 * @dev only the club owner address allowed.
 */
function setApprovalForERC20(
    IERC20 erc20Contract,
    address to,
    uint256 amount
) external onlyClubOwner {
    erc20Contract.approve(to, amount);
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, it is advised to first set the allowance to zero before increasing it. Additionally, consider using OpenZeppelin's `safeApprove`, `safeIncreaseAllowance` or `safeDecreaseAllowance` functions to provide a more secure implementation.
