pengun

high

# FootiumEscrow.sol's approve allows you to seize club assets after selling clubs.

## Summary
`FootiumEscrow.sol` contains a vulnerability that allows a malicious seller to steal all assets held in the contract by approving them to an arbitrary address prior to selling their club assets on the marketplace.

## Vulnerability Detail
`FootiumEscrow.sol` is connected to FootiumClub and is used to manage the club's funds and player NFTs. The assets held in FootiumEscrow are controlled by the owner of FootiumClub and can only be accessed by them. However, FootiumEscrow contains a function that allows any address to approve assets held by the club to a different address.

This vulnerability could be exploited in the following way: Assume a user purchases a club asset from a marketplace, taking into account the value of the player NFTs owned by the club. If the seller approves all assets and player NFTs held by the club in FootiumEscrow to a attacker before completing the sale, the attacker could gain access to all of the assets held in FootiumEscrow after the sale.

## Impact
If this vulnerability is exploited, the attacker could gain control of all assets held in FootiumEscrow, resulting in the loss of assets by FootiumClub. This could have significant financial implications for the club owner.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/11736f3f7f7efa88cb99ee98b04b85a46621347c/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L90-L96

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/11736f3f7f7efa88cb99ee98b04b85a46621347c/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L75-L81
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, we recommend removing the approve function from the contract. Alternatively, if this function is required, it should be remove approval when club owner is changed.
Fundamentally, it's hard to find a perfect solution in the current structure. This is because even if we remove the approval when the club owner changes, the same attack can still be attempted through a front-run when the sale transaction occurs.

Therefore I recommend using a standard that can bundle NFTs, such as ERC998.

