toshii

high

# Excessive approvals in FootiumEscrow allows attacker to steal all players from club after transferring the club to another user

## Summary

Excessive approvals in the `FootiumEscrow` associated with each club allows attacker to steal all players from club after transferring the club to another user.

## Vulnerability Detail

Each Footium club team is made up of a number of players, where the value of a club is greatly influenced by the desirability of the players which are part of the club. Each club has an associated `FootiumEscrow` contract which takes control of the players which are minted to any given club. This `FootiumEscrow` contract has a `setApprovalForERC721(..)` function which allows the current owner of the club to call `setApprovalForAll` for any arbitrary ERC721 contracts.

An attacker can take advantage of this by calling `setApprovalForAll` using the address of the `FootiumPlayer` ERC721 contract. This can set the operator for the `FootiumEscrow` contract address for the `FootiumPlayer` ERC721 contract to be the attacker's address. Then, the attacker can sell this club to another unsuspecting user, who believes they will receive the players who are currently part of the club. The attacker can then take all these players by calling `transferFrom(..)` on the `FootiumPlayer` ERC721 contract.

## Impact

Attacker is able to steal all players from club after the club is transferred to another user, such as when the club is sold on an exchange.

## Code Snippet

Referenced lines of code:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumEscrow.sol#L90-L96

POC Steps:
1. Attacker starts with a `FootiumClub` NFT. The club has an associated `FootiumEscrow` contract which hold n `FootiumPlayer` NFTs. Attacker calls the `setApprovalForERC721(..)` on the escrow contract using: `erc721Contract` = `FootiumPlayer` contract, `to` = attacker's address, `approved` = true.
2. Attacker transfers the club to a user in exchange for funds.
3. Attacker calls `transferFrom(..)` on the `FootiumPlayer` contract using each of the tokenIds of the players which are owned by the club's escrow contract. Because of the call to `setApprovalForERC721(..)`, the attacker will be a valid operator for the escrow, meaning they will be able to transfer all players to themselves.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Unless there is a real necessity for having the `setApprovalForERC721` function as part of the `FootiumEscrow` contract, it should be removed. Otherwise, there needs to be safeguards on what addresses can be set as the operator.