santipu_

high

# FootiumAcademy allows clubs to mint one extra player each season

## Summary
The `mintPlayers` function in the `FootiumAcademy` contract allows minting a specific number of players each season, as determined by the `_maxGenerationId` variable. However, when this variable is set to 10, it should permit the minting of 10 players, but it actually allows minting 11.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `mintPlayers` function within the `FootiumAcademy` contract incorrectly allows clubs to mint one extra player per season. The `_maxGenerationId` variable is used to set the maximum number of players that can be minted by a club each season. The following code snippet enforces this constraint:

```solidity
if (generationId > _maxGenerationId) {
    revert GenerationIDTooHigh(generationId, _maxGenerationId);
}
```

This check ensures that the `generationIds` array contains values up to `_maxGenerationId`. For instance, when `_maxGenerationId` is set to 10, it should allow an array of length 10, resulting in the minting of 10 players.

However, due to the flawed implementation, the `generationIds` array can have a length of `_maxGenerationId + 1`. For example, when `_maxGenerationId` is set to 10, a club can enter a `generationIds` array with the following values:

```solidity
[0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]
```

This array will pass the check, enabling the minting of 11 players instead of the intended 10.

## Impact

This vulnerability allows clubs that are aware of the issue to mint one additional player per season, disrupting the game mechanics and undermining the trust of players in the platform. The imbalance created by the extra player can lead to unfair advantages and a negative user experience, ultimately impacting the platform's reputation and user engagement.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-footium/blob/main/footium-eth-shareable/contracts/FootiumAcademy.sol#L186-L188

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To rectify this issue, it is recommended to modify the code snippet as follows:
```solidity
if (generationId >= _maxGenerationId) { // @audit The >= operator will prevent the minting of one extra player
    revert GenerationIDTooHigh(generationId, _maxGenerationId);
}
```
This change ensures that the intended maximum number of players can be minted each season, preserving the platform's game mechanics and maintaining user trust.